session/README.md, before:

# Extending the REPL/ interactive environment

inspired by [ghci](https://downloads.haskell.org/~ghc/latest/docs/html/users_guide/ghci.html#ghci-commands) and [gore](https://github.com/motemen/gore) 


## Initial Command Set

| NAME   |                   | USAGE                                                   |
|--------|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| clear  | ~                 | clear the environment                                   |
| e[val] | ~ <input>         | print out value of object <input> evaluates to          |
| h[elp] | ~                 | list all commands with usage                            |
|        | ~ <cmd>           | print usage command <cmd>                               |
| l[ist] | ~                 | list all identifiers in the environment alphabetically  |
|        |                   |      with types and values                              |
| q[uit] | ~                 | quit the session                                        |
| reset  | ~ logtype         | set logtype to default                                  |
|        | ~ prompt          | set prompt to default                                   |
| set    | ~ logtype         | when eval, additionally output objecttype               |
|        | ~ prompt `<prompt>` | set prompt string to `<prompt> `            |              |
| t[ype] | ~ `<input>`         | show objecttype `<input>` evaluates to                    |
| unset  | ~ logtype         | when eval, don't additionally output objecttype         |

Commit message:

added demo; cmds paste, (un|re)*set paste, settings

session/README.md, after:

# Extending the REPL/ interactive environment

inspired by [ghci](https://downloads.haskell.org/~ghc/latest/docs/html/users_guide/ghci.html#ghci-commands) and [gore](https://github.com/motemen/gore) 


## Initial Command Set

| NAME   |                   | USAGE                                                   |
|--------|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| clear    | ~                 | clear the environment                                    |
| e[val]   | ~ <input>         | print out value of object <input> evaluates to           |
| h[elp]   | ~                 | list all commands with usage                             |
|          | ~ <cmd>           | print usage command <cmd>                                |
| l[ist]   | ~                 | list all identifiers in the environment alphabetically   |
|          |                   |      with types and values                               |
| paste    | ~ <input>         | evaluate multiline <input> (terminated by blank line)    |
| q[uit]   | ~                 | quit the session                                         |
| reset    | ~ logtype         | set logtype to default                                   |
|          | ~ paste           | set multiline support to default                         |
|          | ~ prompt          | set prompt to default                                    |
| set      | ~ logtype         | when eval, additionally output objecttype                |
|          | ~ paste           | enable multiline support                                 |
|          | ~ prompt <prompt> | set prompt string to <prompt>                            |
| settings | ~                 | list all settings with their current values and defaults |
| t[ype]   | ~ <input>         | show objecttype <input> evaluates to                     |
| unset    | ~ logtype         | when eval, don't additionally output objecttype          |
|          | ~ paste           | disable multiline support                                |
